# jellyfin-plugin-collection-sections
Plugin to add a section to the home screen for collections or playlists. Configured by the server admin.

## Development Update - 20th August 2025

Hey all! Things are changing with my plugins are more and more people start to use them and report issues. In order to make it easier for me to manage I'm splitting bugs and features into different areas. For feature requests please head over to <a href="https://features.iamparadox.dev/">https://features.iamparadox.dev/</a> where you'll be able to signin with GitHub and make a feature request. For bugs please report them on the relevant GitHub repo and they will be added to the <a href="https://github.com/users/IAmParadox27/projects/1/views/1">project board</a> when I've seen them. I've found myself struggling to know when issues are made and such recently so I'm also planning to create a system that will monitor a particular view for new issues that come up and send me a notification which should hopefully allow me to keep more up to date and act faster on various issues.

As with a lot of devs, I am very momentum based in my personal life coding and there are often times when these projects may appear dormant, I assure you now that I don't plan to let these projects go stale for a long time, there just might be times where there isn't an update or response for a couple weeks, but I'll try to keep that better than it has been. With all new releases to Jellyfin I will be updating as soon as possible, I have already made a start on 10.11.0 and will release an update to my plugins hopefully not long after that version is officially released!
